if there is a cause then there is an
effect if there is an intent then
there's a consequent if you take action
then you can expect a reaction whether
symbol or complex finding a solution in
life often requires the perspective that
one thing can lead to another if we
discover the connections between those
things then we get closer to our goal
but we also gather insights that then
lead to even greater discoveries that
can lead to benefits we never thought
possible like increasing the high school
graduation rate to 90 percent by 2020 we
already know of many variables that can
influence whether students succeed in
the school getting to 90 percent will
take discovering the less than obvious
variables and where they fit into the
equation that's where you come in using
publicly available data fill the spaces
between if and then to discover the
causes that will reach the effect of
nine out of ten students in the class of
2020 earning their diplomas on time
apart from the rewards and recognition
you'll be contributing to a more
educated workforce and helping to ensure
that students have the means to pursue
their dreams it's a cause that can have
profound effects for students school
districts and communities for years to
come